SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 23 (#11356)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/app-development/dialog-boxes-overview.md

## Message Boxes  
 A *message box* is a dialog box that can be used to display textual information and to allow users to make decisions with buttons. The following figure shows a message box that displays textual information, asks a question, and provides the user with three buttons to answer the question.  
  

>  ![Screenshot that shows a Word Processor dialog box.](./media/dialog-boxes-overview/word-processor-dialog.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![A Word Processor dialog box asking if you want to save the changes to the document before the application closes.](./media/dialog-boxes-overview/word-processor-dialog.png)  
```

### Open File Dialog  
 The open file dialog box, shown in the following figure, is used by file opening functionality to retrieve the name of a file to open.  
  

>  ![Screenshot that shows an Open dialog box.](./media/dialog-boxes-overview/open-file-dialog-box.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![An Open dialog box showing the location to retrieve the file.](./media/dialog-boxes-overview/open-file-dialog-box.png)  
```

### Save File Dialog Box  
 The save file dialog box, shown in the following figure, is used by file saving functionality to retrieve the name of a file to save.  
  

>  ![Screenshot that shows a Save As dialog box.](./media/dialog-boxes-overview/save-file-dialog-box.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![A Save As dialog box showing the location to save the file.](./media/dialog-boxes-overview/save-file-dialog-box.png)  
```

### Creating a Modal Custom Dialog Box  
 This topic shows how to use <xref:System.Windows.Window> to create a typical modal dialog box implementation, using the `Margins` dialog box as an example (see [Dialog Box Sample](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=159984)). The `Margins` dialog box is shown in the following figure.  
  

>  ![Screenshot that shows a Margins dialog box.](./media/dialog-boxes-overview/margin-size-dialog-box.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![A Margins dialog box with fields to define left margin, top margin, right margin, and bottom margin.](./media/dialog-boxes-overview/margin-size-dialog-box.png)  
```

  
 Once the validation rule is associated, [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_wpf](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-wpf-md.md)] will automatically apply it when data is entered into the bound control. When a control contains invalid data, [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_wpf](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-wpf-md.md)] will display a red border around the invalid control, as shown in the following figure.  
  

>  ![Screenshot that shows an invalid left margin.](./media/dialog-boxes-overview/invalid-left-margin-dialog.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![A Margins dialog box with a red border around the invalid left margin value.](./media/dialog-boxes-overview/invalid-left-margin-dialog.png)  
```
